Add more installation instructions to Readme (#248)
python-lsp/python-lsp-server: README.md

pip install -U setuptools
```

### Windows and Linux installation

> You can install python lsp server on Windows using this conda command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Anaconda/Miniconda, you can install `python-lsp-server` using this conda command

```

```
conda install -c conda-forge python-lsp-server 
```

> Python lsp server is available in repo of every major Linux distribution, and it is usually called `python-lsp-server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python-lsp-server is available in the repos of every major Linux distribution, and it is usually called `python-lsp-server`.
```

For example, here is how to install it in Debian and Debian-based distributions (E.g. Ubuntu, Pop!_OS, Linux Mint)

```
sudo apt-get install python-lsp-server
```

> or Fedora Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion

or Fedora Linux
```

```
sudo dnf install python-lsp-server
```

> Only Alpine Linux package is named differently, you can install it by typing this command in your terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only on Alpine Linux the package is named differently. You can install it there by typing this command in your terminal:

```
